Coronavirus has spread to more than 145 countries or territories, including the UK, and claimed more than 6,400 lives. 
So, what is the disease and how does it spread? 
The best thing is regular and thorough hand washing, preferably with soap and water.
Coronavirus spreads when an infected person coughs small droplets - packed with the virus - into the air. These can be breathed in, or cause an infection if you touch a surface they have landed on then your eyes, nose or mouth. 
So, coughing and sneezing into tissues, not touching your face with unwashed hands, and avoiding close contact with infected people are important for limiting the spread.
Face masks do not provide effective protection, according to medical experts. 
Coronavirus infects the lungs. The symptoms start with a fever followed by a dry cough, which can lead to breathing problems. 
It takes five days on average to start showing the symptoms, scientists have said, but some people will get symptoms much later than this.
The incubation period lasts up to 14 days, the World Health Organization (WHO) says. But some researchers say it may be up to 24 days. 
People will be most infectious when they have symptoms, but there have been suggestions some can spread the virus even before they are sick.  
The early symptoms can easily be confused with other winter bugs including colds and flu.
The proportion dying from the disease appears low (between 1% and 2%) - but the figures are unreliable. 
Thousands are being treated but may go on to die - so the death rate could be higher. But it may also be lower if lots of mild cases are unreported.
A World Health Organization examination of data from 56,000 patients suggests:
Older people, and those with pre-existing medical conditions (such as asthma, diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure), are more likely to become severely ill. The data from China also suggests that men are at slightly higher risk of dying from the virus than women.
Treatment relies on keeping the patient's body going, including breathing support, until their immune system can fight off the virus. Work to develop a vaccine is under way.
The NHS says an epidemic in the UK is "likely".
Patients with mild symptoms - such as a new continuous cough or a high temperature above 37.8C should self-isolate at home for at least seven days, according to the latest advice issued by Public Health England.
People are being advised not to ring NHS 111 to report their symptoms unless they are worried. They should also not go to their GP, or A&E. 
Details for Scotland are to check NHS inform, then ring your GP in office hours, or 111 out-of-hours. In Wales call NHS 111, and in Northern Ireland, call your GP.
If you have come into contact with somebody who may be infected, you may be told to self-isolate. Advice for people who have travelled back to the UK from affected areas and who may need to self-isolate, has been issued.
Other countries have introduced their own measures For example, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention advises people showing symptoms to call their healthcare provider, and those who are mildly ill to self-isolate. 
The World Health Organization has also issued advice for the public.
In its latest advice, Public Health England (PHE) has said those who are self-isolating with mild symptoms will not be tested.
However, all hospital patients with flu-like symptoms will be tested.
If you need testing in the UK results may be available on the same day, but you may be asked to stay at home and self-isolate. while you wait.
Hundreds of new cases are being reported worldwide each day. However, it is thought health agencies may be unaware of many cases.
After starting in China, coronavirus is now spreading fast in many other countries.
Follow James on Twitter.
This explainer will be regularly updated to reflect the audience's questions about coronavirus. Details of how to get in touch are below. 
What questions do you have about the coronavirus?
In some cases your question will be published, displaying your name, age and location as you provide it, unless you state otherwise. Your contact details will never be published. Please ensure you have read our terms & conditions and privacy policy.
Use this form to ask your question: 
If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or send them via email to YourQuestions@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any question you send in. 
