Coronavirus can affect anyone, but people with pre-existing health problems and older people are thought to be at greater risk of developing severe symptoms.
If you have a long-term health condition you may be feeling anxious. So here's what experts are advising. 
Having a health condition does not make you more likely than anyone else to contract coronavirus, which is a respiratory disease. 
But it appears people who are older, those with weakened immune systems and people who have underlying chronic conditions, including heart disease, diabetes, or asthma, are more at risk of severe effects.
Most people recover from coronavirus quickly after a few days' rest. For some people, it can be more severe and sometimes life-threatening. The symptoms are similar to other illnesses that are much more common, such as cold and flu:
People at higher risk include those who are over 70, regardless of whether they have a medical condition or not, and people under 70 with any of the following underlying health conditions: 
In the coming days, around 1.4m people at the highest risk of complications, such as patients having treatment for cancer or people on immunosuppressant therapy, will be asked to isolate at home for 12 weeks to protect themselves. They will get special guidance from the NHS. 
Asthma UK's advice is to keep taking your preventer inhaler (usually brown) daily as prescribed. This will help cut your risk of an asthma attack being triggered by any respiratory virus, including coronavirus.
Carry your blue reliever inhaler with you every day, in case you feel your asthma symptoms flaring up. If your asthma is getting worse and there is a risk you might have coronavirus, contact the online NHS 111 coronavirus service. 
The latest advice from the government's chief medical adviser is that everyone - regardless of age - should now be stopping non-essential contact with others to help stop the spread of the virus and protect the most vulnerable. That means avoiding gatherings with friends and family as well as crowded places, such as pubs.
This is particularly important for people over 70 and those with underlying health conditions because they are at higher risk of developing more severe symptoms if they become infected.
In the coming days, people at the highest risk of complications - around 1.4m people - will be asked to isolate at home for 12 weeks to protect themselves. They will get special guidance from the NHS.
Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, recommends that people with elderly friends and relatives make sure they check on them regularly. 
Older people and their families can call Age UK Advice for free on 0800 169 65 65. 
Those with underlying medical issues such as high blood pressure, lung complaints and weakened or compromised immune systems are more likely to develop serious illness as a result of the disease.
Anyone with a higher risk from viruses such as cold or flu should take sensible steps to reduce the risk of picking up infections. 
Those who begin to show symptoms - a new, persistent cough and fever - should stay at home. If the symptoms get worse or are no better after seven days, they should call their GP or use the NHS 111 service.
Those living with either type 1 or type 2 diabetes could be at greater risk of more severe symptoms. Dan Howarth, head of care at Diabetes UK, said: "Coronavirus or Covid-19 can cause complications in people with diabetes. 
"If you have diabetes and you have symptoms such as cough, high temperature and feeling short of breath, you need to monitor your blood sugar closely."
You should stay at home for seven days and continue taking your medication. Do not go to a GP practice, pharmacy or hospital. For those who routinely monitor their blood glucose, on the advice of their clinical team, they should continue to do this more often. Use the NHS 111 online coronavirus service if you feel you cannot cope with your symptoms at home, your condition gets worse or your symptoms do not get better after seven days.
There is no evidence yet that pregnant women (and their babies) are at increased risk if they catch coronavirus, but the government is saying mums-to-be should be extra cautious for now. Like anyone, they should take steps to avoid infection. They are among people who should be "particularly stringent" in minimising their social contact, says the official advice.
Deborah Arnott, chief executive of public health charity, Ash, advises that those who smoke heavily should either cut back or try to quit entirely to lower their risk. 
"Smokers are more likely to get respiratory infections and twice as likely to develop pneumonia as non-smokers," she said. 
"Quitting smoking is good for your health in so many ways and smokers should see coronavirus as further motivation to give quitting a go to build up their body's defences now before coronavirus becomes widespread in the UK."
It is important that even if you are unwell, you continue to take your prescribed medication. If you need to collect prescriptions while unwell, ask a friend or family member to collect them for you.
Coronavirus is an entirely different virus to flu, so the flu jab won't prevent infection, but flu can also make you sick and can be severe in certain people.
If you have not yet had your flu jab there is still time to get one. People aged 65 and over, pregnant women and children and adults with underlying health conditions or weakened immune systems can get one for free on the NHS. 
The virus is thought to be spread by coughs and via contaminated surfaces, such as handrails and door handles in public places.
Good hygiene can stop the virus spreading:
The British Lung Foundation says it does not recommend using a face mask "as there isn't enough evidence to show how effective they are. Also, for people living with a lung condition wearing a face mask can make breathing more difficult."
